how's it going there YouTube this is
Queen that's now see iPhone guy and this
is the video review of the Blue
Microphones icicle USB converter for
those of you that don't understand and
in layman's terms this essentially takes
any microphone and makes it a USB mic
now I'm careful to say any microphone
because it does need to be an XLR mic
but 98% of microphones out there are XLR
so it's a pretty cool little device and
it's significantly less than its
competitors before we get into that I'd
like to let you know the price of it
it's 59.99 US dollars and you can pick
it up for $35 on Amazon and you can even
save on tax by shopping at the TSI G
store so if you decide to pick this up
click the link below go to the TSI G
store you save money you make me money
it's a good combo now if you notice off
to the left here I use the m-audio fast
track pro until I got the Icicle this is
what I use to convert my regular
microphones into USB microphones I went
through this mixer and it has a preamp
in there and it essentially allows you
to take these mics and make them USB
mics now the great thing about this is
USB mics are not really the best I mean
I'm careful to say that because there
are some good ones out there but
historically USB mics are pretty crappy
and until now there hasn't really been a
cheap way to convert an XLR mic to a USB
one this was pretty much the best value
when I got this about two years ago and
this was and still is $200 so it isn't
cheap what this does is it takes the XLR
mic and it outputs it via USB to your
computer now there's a bunch of great
features that are on the m-audio
fast-track Pro that are not present in
the Icicle so I'm careful to say that
this offers you know any less than this
because this does offer way less than
this does but a lot of this stuff is not
necessary on the user end spit if out
RCA out mono mixing it you really don't
need 90% of this stuff on there if
you're you know you're kind of average
typical consumer and so the Icicle is
serving that mark
and it also serves the market of
compatibility and size if you can see
that little item off to the left is very
big very inefficient and it required
drivers for my Macintosh this is
plug-and-play no drivers necessary on
Mac or PC you plug it in it shows up as
a Mike and you are good to go it's
awesome now this is a little bit on the
cheap II feel inside it's made out of
plastic which isn't a big deal I usually
don't bash on plastic because it's light
it's pretty durable and you know I don't
experience issues with it but this one
just feels cheap now I can't really say
that because durability has been fine I
haven't experienced any build quality
issues but it is full plastic
construction which to me seems a little
bit sketchy and it doesn't feel as
high-quality as it should
granted for a sixty dollar price tag and
because it's made out of plastic it's
very light and again doesn't even you
know there's nothing really in this
class that offers the same quality for
the same price so I'm going to show you
how it's set up and then we'll do some
demonstrations here so you can sound how
good here how good it sounds rather you
take the Icicle you have your female XLR
port here you can take any microphone
the otic so m5 will take the audio
technica at2020 this is a condenser mic
and it's a 48 volt mic it's a phantom
powered which is great because this
actually offers phantom power so there's
no external power source it goes all
through USB and you can use any mic
through the Icicle which is great
because I was fearing that it wouldn't
work with my heavier Duty microphones
that required more voltage but it does
and you're good to go so we got this we
got our mic all you got to do is take it
and plug it in and we're set and ready
to go so it doesn't make it the best
looking microphone but it does offer
functionality now right here you'll be
able to see that there is a gain knob
that's the only knob that's really on
the whole device and you know that's why
the m-audio fast track pro still app
does it in a couple areas because this
just doesn't offer all of the
versatility that the m-audio fast track
pro does but you have your gain and
volume knob one thing I'm sad to see
that the Icicle doesn't have is a line
out that would be awesome because it
wouldn't require USB to do everything
that's one thing I like about the
m-audio fast track Pro it's
we plugged into the wall and I am using
it to get the blue spark which is a
condenser microphone into my camera
which is excellent because if there's a
phantom powered mic you can't do that so
I wish the Icicle had a line out because
right now you have to go through USB and
without a computer this little bad boy
is worthless but if you take a peek on
the bottom you'll see that there is a
mini USB out all you got to do is take
your mic stick the Icicle in the middle
and then you will take your little USB
cord and plug it in here and it's
plug-and-play you know there's like I
said there's no drivers required no work
no setup you just go into your settings
select this as the active mic and it
will work and so we're going to show you
some demonstrations and some tests of
this and it takes any microphone and
changes it into a USB mic before I leave
you and before we do the test this is an
excellent value
if far surpasses the quality excuse well
rather the sound of the more expensive
items it's on par with my Amodeo fast
track Pro which amazed me I thought the
audio quality wouldn't even be close but
it's identical and really maximizes the
power of your microphone there it's
phantom power which is excellent so you
can use pretty much any mic and I really
cannot recommend this much more highly
the build quality is a little bit cheap
but for 60 bucks nothing even parallels
and this is a beautiful elegant light
compact system so let's get into those
audio tests and yeah I would say stay
snazzy but I'm not leaving so let's do
it here we go all right so this is the
audio test of the audio technica at2020
using the blue microphones icicle and
this is the audio test of the audio
technica at2020 using the m-audio fast
track Pro the sound as you can tell is
about the same alright this is the test
of the audax om5 using the blue
microphones icicle and this is the audio
test of the audax om5 using the m-audio
fast track pro so as you can tell
they're about the same once again
alright so this is the last audio test
with blue microphones own spark using
the blue microphone icicle and this is
the test using the blue microphone spark
with the m-audio fast track pro so again
the sound is about the same so that'll
do it for us folks thank you so much for
watching please subscribe rate comment
the blue icicle pretty dang good product
considering the price and as always
state is handsy see you later folks